If you dare to lie to me
I will let you taste all the pain in this world
We've already said all we need to say
Don't you believe it?
You go to the frontier
Find your father's body
See if it's a one-shot kill.
You are lying
My father is invincible
Dongying Fang's world strength is also in the top five
How could it be killed with one move?
You're a bit of a stalker
We tell you the truth
If you don't believe
You look for clues on your father's body
What's the use of us, Xiaojin?
Don't tell their cunning Great Xia Zhu so much
Just kill them and reinvestigate
Kill the wrong one
I don't know about you two.
Did you watch the afternoon news?
What are you doing watching the news?
There are two important messages in the news:
At the entry ceremony
Your Gao Xuanyun was just wronged.
But I didn't say you are the woman of Long Ru 2
This Liao Fan is Long Shuai's substitute samurai
Not some irrelevant person
Yeah, but what does that mean?
I am indeed Long Shuai's wife
But he died before he could give me my name.
Nonsense is still here
Anyway, Ouyang Mu has already said
Shen Liao Fan is the murderer who ambushed the god of ninjas
Kill him once and for all
Sure enough, Ouyang Tomb sent you here.
The imperial teacher told him not to disclose his identity
How dare you violate my arrangement?
Anyway, his mother is going to be dead soon
Why pay so much attention?